android: create persistent SharedPreferences-based KV store (#2319)
envoyproxy/envoy-mobile: docs/root/api/starting_envoy.rst

  // Swift
  builder.h2ExtendKeepaliveTimeout(true)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
``addKeyValueStore``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implementations of a public KeyValueStore interface may be added in their respective languages and

> made available to native code. General usage is supported, but typical future usage will be in

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
made available to the library. General usage is supported, but typical future usage will be in
```

support of HTTP and endpoint property caching.

**Example**::

  // Kotlin

>   builder.addKeyValueStore(MyKeyValueStoreImpl())

Reviewer: Missing the string parameter.

Maybe we should encourage reverse domain notation to convey that these should be unique?

```suggestion
  builder.addKeyValueStore("com.myapp.envoymobile.MyKeyValueStore", MyKeyValueStoreImpl())
```

Author: thanks, good catch

  // Swift
  // Coming soon.

The library also contains a simple Android-specific KeyValueStore implementation based on Android's
SharedPreferences.

**Example**::

  // Android
  val preferences = context.getSharedPreferences("MyPreferences", Context.MODE_PRIVATE)

>   builder.addKeyValueStore(SharedPreferencesStore(preferences))

Reviewer: Missing string parameter here too
